compiler/rustc_error_codes/src/error_codes/E0307.md, before:

The `self` parameter in a method has an invalid "receiver type".

Erroneous code example:

```compile_fail,E0307
struct Foo;
struct Bar;

trait Trait {
    fn foo(&self);
}

impl Trait for Foo {
    fn foo(self: &Bar) {}
}
```

Methods take a special first parameter, of which there are three variants:
`self`, `&self`, and `&mut self`. These are syntactic sugar for
`self: Self`, `self: &Self`, and `self: &mut Self` respectively.

```
# struct Foo;
trait Trait {
    fn foo(&self);
//         ^^^^^ `self` here is a reference to the receiver object
}

impl Trait for Foo {
    fn foo(&self) {}
//         ^^^^^ the receiver type is `&Foo`
}
```

The type `Self` acts as an alias to the type of the current trait
implementer, or "receiver type". Besides the already mentioned `Self`,
`&Self` and `&mut Self` valid receiver types, the following are also valid:
`self: Box<Self>`, `self: Rc<Self>`, `self: Arc<Self>`, and `self: Pin<P>`
(where P is one of the previous types except `Self`). Note that `Self` can
also be the underlying implementing type, like `Foo` in the following
example:

```
# struct Foo;
# trait Trait {
#     fn foo(&self);
# }
impl Trait for Foo {
    fn foo(self: &Foo) {}
}
```

This error will be emitted by the compiler when using an invalid receiver type,
like in the following example:

```compile_fail,E0307
# struct Foo;
# struct Bar;
# trait Trait {
#     fn foo(&self);
# }
impl Trait for Foo {
    fn foo(self: &Bar) {}
}
```

The nightly feature [Arbitrary self types][AST] extends the accepted
set of receiver types to also include any type that can dereference to
`Self`:

```
#![feature(arbitrary_self_types)]

struct Foo;
struct Bar;

// Because you can dereference `Bar` into `Foo`...
impl std::ops::Deref for Bar {
    type Target = Foo;

    fn deref(&self) -> &Foo {
        &Foo
    }
}

impl Foo {
    fn foo(self: Bar) {}
//         ^^^^^^^^^ ...it can be used as the receiver type
}
```

[AST]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/unstable-book/language-features/arbitrary-self-types.html

Commit message:

Arbitrary self types v2: use Receiver trait
In this new version of Arbitrary Self Types, we no longer use the Deref trait
exclusively when working out which self types are valid. Instead, we follow a
chain of Receiver traits. This enables methods to be called on smart pointer
types which fundamentally cannot support Deref (for instance because they are
wrappers for pointers that don't follow Rust's aliasing rules).

This includes:
* Changes to tests appropriately
* New tests for:
  * The basics of the feature
  * Ensuring lifetime elision works properly
  * Generic Receivers
  * A copy of the method subst test enhanced with Receiver

This is really the heart of the 'arbitrary self types v2' feature, and
is the most critical commit in the current PR.

Subsequent commits are focused on:
* Detecting "shadowing" problems, where a smart pointer type can hide
  methods in the pointee.
* Diagnostics and cleanup.

Naming: in this commit, the "Autoderef" type is modified so that it no
longer solely focuses on the "Deref" trait, but can now consider the
"Receiver" trait instead. Should it be renamed, to something like
"TraitFollower"? This was considered, but rejected, because
* even in the Receiver case, it still considers built-in derefs
* the name Autoderef is short and snappy.

compiler/rustc_error_codes/src/error_codes/E0307.md, after:

The `self` parameter in a method has an invalid "receiver type".

Erroneous code example:

```compile_fail,E0307
struct Foo;
struct Bar;

trait Trait {
    fn foo(&self);
}

impl Trait for Foo {
    fn foo(self: &Bar) {}
}
```

Methods take a special first parameter, of which there are three variants:
`self`, `&self`, and `&mut self`. These are syntactic sugar for
`self: Self`, `self: &Self`, and `self: &mut Self` respectively.

```
# struct Foo;
trait Trait {
    fn foo(&self);
//         ^^^^^ `self` here is a reference to the receiver object
}

impl Trait for Foo {
    fn foo(&self) {}
//         ^^^^^ the receiver type is `&Foo`
}
```

The type `Self` acts as an alias to the type of the current trait
implementer, or "receiver type". Besides the already mentioned `Self`,
`&Self` and `&mut Self` valid receiver types, the following are also valid:
`self: Box<Self>`, `self: Rc<Self>`, `self: Arc<Self>`, and `self: Pin<P>`
(where P is one of the previous types except `Self`). Note that `Self` can
also be the underlying implementing type, like `Foo` in the following
example:

```
# struct Foo;
# trait Trait {
#     fn foo(&self);
# }
impl Trait for Foo {
    fn foo(self: &Foo) {}
}
```

This error will be emitted by the compiler when using an invalid receiver type,
like in the following example:

```compile_fail,E0307
# struct Foo;
# struct Bar;
# trait Trait {
#     fn foo(&self);
# }
impl Trait for Foo {
    fn foo(self: &Bar) {}
}
```

The nightly feature [Arbitrary self types][AST] extends the accepted
set of receiver types to also include any type that implements the
`Receiver` trait and can follow its chain of `Target` types to `Self`.
There's a blanket implementation of `Receiver` for `T: Deref`, so any
type which dereferences to `Self` can be used.

```
#![feature(arbitrary_self_types)]

struct Foo;
struct Bar;

// Because you can dereference `Bar` into `Foo`...
impl std::ops::Deref for Bar {
    type Target = Foo;

    fn deref(&self) -> &Foo {
        &Foo
    }
}

impl Foo {
    fn foo(self: Bar) {}
//         ^^^^^^^^^ ...it can be used as the receiver type
}
```

[AST]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/unstable-book/language-features/arbitrary-self-types.html
