src/doc/rustc/src/platform-support/freebsd.md, before:

# \*-unknown-freebsd

**Tier: 2/3**

[FreeBSD] multi-platform 4.4BSD-based UNIX-like operating system.

[FreeBSD]: https://www.FreeBSD.org/

## Target maintainers

- Alan Somers `asomers@FreeBSD.org`, https://github.com/asomers
- Mikael Urankar `mikael@FreeBSD.org`, https://github.com/MikaelUrankar

## Requirements

The `x86_64-unknown-freebsd` target is Tier 2 with host tools.
`i686-unknown-freebsd` is Tier 2 without host tools.  Other targets are Tier 3.
See [platform-support.md](../platform-support.md) for the full list.

On all architectures, rustc requires FreeBSD version 12 or later to run and
produces binaries that require FreeBSD version 12, too.  Prior to Rust 1.78.0,
rustc would run on FreeBSD 10 or later, but build binaries that required
FreeBSD 11.  libc requires FreeBSD 11 or later.

`extern "C"` uses the official calling convention of the respective architectures.

FreeBSD OS binaries use the ELF file format.

## Building Rust programs

The `x86_64-unknown-freebsd` artifacts are distributed by the rust project and
may be installed with rustup.  Other targets are built by the ports system and
may be installed with [pkg(7)](https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=pkg)
or [ports(7)](https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=ports).

## Testing

The Rust test suite can be run natively. It can also be run from the ports tree
with the `make test` command from within the lang/rust directory.

Commit message:

Add more detail regarding i686 and FreeBSD version requirements

src/doc/rustc/src/platform-support/freebsd.md, after:

# \*-unknown-freebsd

**Tier: 2/3**

[FreeBSD] multi-platform 4.4BSD-based UNIX-like operating system.

## Target maintainers

- Alan Somers `asomers@FreeBSD.org`, https://github.com/asomers
- Mikael Urankar `mikael@FreeBSD.org`, https://github.com/MikaelUrankar

## Requirements

The `x86_64-unknown-freebsd` target is Tier 2 with host tools.
`i686-unknown-freebsd` is Tier 2 without host tools.  Other targets are Tier 3.
See [platform-support.md](../platform-support.md) for the full list.

We commit that rustc will run on all currently supported releases of
[FreeBSD][supported-releases] .  EoL releases may be supported for a time, too.
The same guarantees apply for the standard library and the libc crate.

Specific release support matrix, as of Rust 1.82.0:

| FreeBSD Release | rustc    | std      | libc    |
| --------------- | -------- | -------- | ------- |
| 10              | < 1.78.0 | ?        | ?       |
| 11              | < 1.78.0 | < 1.78.0 | current |
| 12+             | current  | current  | current |

`extern "C"` uses the official calling convention of the respective
architectures.

FreeBSD OS binaries use the ELF file format.

## Building Rust programs

The `x86_64-unknown-freebsd` and `i686-unknown-freebsd` artifacts are
distributed by the rust project and may be installed with rustup.  Other
targets are built by the ports system and may be installed with
[pkg(7)][pkg] or [ports(7)][ports].

By default the `i686-unknown-freebsd` target uses SSE2 instructions.  To build
code that does not require SSE2, build lang/rust from [ports][ports] and
disable the `SSE2` option at build time.  That will produce non-compliant
behavior.  See [issue #114479][x86-32-float-issue].

## Testing

The Rust test suite can be run natively. It can also be run from the ports tree
with the `make test` command from within the lang/rust directory.

[FreeBSD]: https://www.FreeBSD.org/
[supported-releases]: https://www.freebsd.org/security/#sup
[ports]: https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=ports
[pkg]: https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=pkg
[x86-32-float-issue]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/issues/114479
